[Samples] Add samples for testing operations in Q# (#1732)
microsoft/qsharp: samples/testing/operations/README.md

# Testing Operations in the QDK
This sample project demonstrates different approaches to testing operations in the QDK, both via Python and within Q# itself.

## Testing Methods

There are two primary ways to test operations in the QDK:

1. **Using Operation Matrix Representation:**
   - Use the `dump_operation` Python API to retrieve the operation's representation as a matrix and compare it against the expected matrix.

2. **Q# `Fact` Assertions:**

>    - Use a `Fact` function in your Q# code that uses the `CheckOperationsAreEqual` operation to verify if two operations are identical. The `Fact` function asserts that the check returns `true`.

Reviewer: Need to mention the "up to the global phase" part

## Project Structure
This sample project is a multi-file Q# project that showcases both testing methods. The project structure is as follows:

- src
    - `BellState.qs`: Q# file containing the `AllBellStates` operation to be tested

>     - `Test_SWAP.qs`: Q# file containing the `ApplySWAP1` and `ApplySWAP2` operations to be tested

Reviewer: Need to update doc to match the code

>     - `OperationEquivalence.qs`: Q# file containing the `TestEquivalence` operation to be called in python wrapper

Reviewer: Python should be capitalized when used in a sentence (as opposed to python command line)

   - Use the `dump_operation` Python API to retrieve the operation's representation as a matrix and compare it against the expected matrix.

2. **Q# `Fact` Assertions:**

>    - Use a `Fact` function in your Q# code that uses the `CheckOperationsAreEqual` operation to verify if two operations are identical upto a global phase. The `Fact` function asserts that the check returns `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Use a `Fact` function in your Q# code that uses the `CheckOperationsAreEqual` operation to verify if two operations are identical up to a global phase. The `Fact` function asserts that the check returns `true`.
```

## Project Structure
This sample project is a multi-file Q# project that showcases both testing methods. The project structure is as follows:

- src
    - `BellState.qs`: Q# file containing the `AllBellStates` operation to be tested

>     - `CustomOperation.qs`: Q# file containing the `ApplySWAP1` and `ApplySWAP2` operations to be tested

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `CustomOperation.qs`: Q# file containing the `ApplySWAP` operation to be tested
```
